how's it can enlarge Marshall here and
welcome to another team of the season
plea review today we have silver in
Callum Wilson if you do want some coins
head over to FIFA ninja comm user code
mh9 to get yourself five percent off
everything that you will need is in the
description blue if you want any cheap
MSP PSN or game codes head over to g2 a
calm once again their links are in the
description below and I just want to say
a massive thank you to Nathan from
Twitter for lending me this account it
is massively appreciated now on the Xbox
is quite cheap 75 to 95 is his corn
price on the PlayStation likewise 80 to
100 K 15 goals in 10 games not all for
me freestyle skills freestyle weak foot
high to medium work rates base card
starts 96 PS ninety-six
pace 94 acceleration 96 sprint speed
this guy is one of the fastest players
on the game 83 at second position in
idiot bounce and 86 agility with 73
strength so he is quite strong as well
skull tribute 72 ball control his ball
control isn't the best in the world
84 finish and honestly some of these
stats are that of a gold inform the that
good and they really are for 74 rated
silver it's just fantastic and with them
capable of scoring strikes like this
that you will see in the first clip he's
got the whole package he's got the whole
package for being a dynamic striker on
this game and that is exactly what he is
he is a dynamic striker east full of
pace
he will get him gang defenses and he
will score given the chance because he's
finishing is actually pretty damn decent
I mean it was 84 or something like that
so when he does get the chance he knows
where the back of the net is what a
strike that it was from Colin Wilson
writes into the back of the net so in
terms of pros we have Pierce as you've
just seen right there he has lightning
Pierce he is so down fast it's
ridiculous one of the faster players on
this game he's like a gnat bond Lahore
boots a better version of Agbonlahor you
might be wondering a better version of
at bond the whole you taking the piss
I'm not lads I'm really really not this
guy is a better version of Gabby
Agbonlahor it's just plain and simple if
you play them too
alongside each other my good god you're
gonna destroy teams you really really
are because Pierce wise out of bloody
stand in his movement is ridiculously
good for a 74 rated silver he knows the
right runs to make he sticks on the last
month and offense he runs him behind
basically it does exactly what you need
for a PSE striker to do he's finishing
his quality given the chance he will
find the back the Nets his agility is
great for kinda dancing through
challenges from saying the same and his
balance is good he stays on his feet and
when he stays on his feet he gets a
chance he will score the door the only
corner did fine with his card of was his
ball control it does let them down from
time to time and that is like the over
the top three balls the first torchic
can let them down and there yeah it is
quite disappointing for Colin Wilson
from that point of view but overall he's
one of the best silver strikers on the
game is he the best is he better than
team the seasoned dye baller I don't
think so but he's definitely up there
with the best to honor the game and a
value for coins he's gonna get sent out
at set he has to get a ten or ten
because it's just that good so he's
gonna get a written of 9.3 the same as
team of the season dye baller because I
do think they're very similar but dye
baller does just edged him guys that
will be it for this review I hope you
have enjoyed if you have smashed the
hell I was out for him so but and
subscribe if he knew and as always lads
I will catch you all next time